"There was an e-mail message from Michael Moscovitz."
""Your temperature is ninety-nine point zero degrees," she said."
"People in about twenty-two million homes all over America will watch it."
"After dinner, I switched on my computer and read my e-mail."
"Then I saw another e-mail."
"I didn't recognize the e-mail address."
"JoCrox. Jo-C-rox. Jo-see-rocks, josie Rocks!"
"What lies waiting down the line  In the end of eighty-nine..."
"What  can you say about a twenty-five-year-old girl who died?"
"She sat there, half-smiling at me."
"'Sixteenth-century music?' I said."
"'My great-grandfather gave it to Harvard, that's all.'"
"'So that's why his not-so-great grandson could get into Harvard so easily!'"
"'And why', she asked, 'should I come to a stupid ice-hockey match?'"
"My two-minute penalty had finished."
"Ray was playing cards with some of his football-playing friends."
"He was forty-one years old, but he had a young face, like a boy."
"'Ninety-nine, Roald,' said Hassel."
"'The best ninety-nine dogs from Greenland."
"But at last, after three hours' hard work, all ninety-nine were on the ship, and the Fram went out to sea again."
"It was the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five."
"«Is that a million-dollar vase?» he thinks."
"«It's a million-dollar painting,» he is saying."
"No! It's a million-dollar painting! ..."
"«My million-dollar painting! Where is it?»"
"The men look in the truck for the million-dollar painting."
"There were thirteen men, eight ponies, and twenty-six dogs."
"She needs a nurse twenty-four hours a day."
"A thin, white-haired man was sitting on a wooden seat."
"Chapter 2 A wine-shop in Paris"
"The streets were narrow and dirty, the food-shops were almost empty."
"In the wine-shop of Monsieur Defarge there were not many customers and Defarge was outside, talking to a man in the street."
"And the prisoner that morning was a young man of about twenty-five, well dressed and quite calm."
"The trial went on, and finally, a small, red-haired man spoke."
"'Are you quite sure that the prisoner is the man you saw?' Mr Stryver asked the red-haired man."
"The red-haired man was very confident."
"And the red-haired man said not another word."
"Dr Manette no longer looked like the man in the room above Defarge's wine-shop five years ago."
"But everybody knew that she was in fact a warm-hearted and unselfish friend, who would do anything to guard her darling Lucie from trouble or danger."
"Kim, we've got these three free tickets to see three prize-winning films for  children!"
"My mother was mostly, what we call 'a stay-at-home' mom, which means she helped raise four children."
"That's a two-hour drive, so, she often visits on weekends."
"At the corner there now stood a large, dark-haired woman, knitting."
"'Hi Jane!' with h-i and 'Hey Jane!' with h-e-y both sound relaxed."
"When I got to the changing-room, it was empty."
"At dinner we had one of our non-conversations."
"These non-conversations always started with 'How have you been, son?' and ended with 'Is there anything I can do for you?'"
"Our non-conversation continued."
"Our non-conversation was finished: he drove away."
"I had only been away forty-eight hours, and she had found a new boyfriend!"
"I told her about our meal and our non-conversation after the Cornell match, but she didn't understand at all."
"'Listen, you aren't as good-looking as all that!'"
"She gave me one of her good Jenny-looks."
"There was a smile on his usually rock-like face."
"So I started a new non-conversation."
"One dollar and eighty-seven cents, that was all."
"One dollar and eighty-seven cents, that was all."
"Tomorrow was Christmas Day, and she had only one dollar and eighty-seven cents to buy Jim a Christmas present."
"The shop took twenty-one dollars from her for it, and she hurried home with the eighty-seven cents."
"This set-up is my preferred vacation."
"But realistically, I'd much rather stay with friends than pay to stay in a junky old place with insects and who-knows-what crawling around the floors."
"Specifically, free-range bison (buffalo) makes a nice burger just as top-grade low-fat beef does."
"If you wish to induce early death upon yourself, I highly recommend eating deep-fried french fries and hot dogs."
"They ran happily across the snow to the south - eight men, seven sledges, and eighty-six dogs."
"They went twenty-eight kilometres on Saturday, and twenty eight kilometres on Sunday."
"But they travelled twenty-eight kilometres."
"It was thirty-seven kilometres to the depot."
"They travelled seventy-five kilometres in nine hours."
"They had four sledges, and forty-eight dogs."
"In the next four days, the dogs pulled the sledges eighty-one kilometres, and went up 3,000 metres."
"But every day, they travelled twenty-five or thirty kilometres."
"So they pulled their sledge twenty-four kilometres without skis."
"They left some more black flags near the Pole, and one twenty-eight kilometres north."
"He was thirty-two."
"We had passed between long walls of piled-up bones - the ancient remains of my family."
"Frederick von Metzengerstein was, on the other hand, not yet twenty-one years of age."
"'Oliver, you are still under twenty-one.'"
"There were twenty-four stairs up to our flat."
"And I had to stop half-way."
"I was the highest-paid graduate of my year too."
"Jonas and Marsh's office was an easy ten-minute walk away."
"'I don't want to spend my free time with a lot of empty-headed preppies.'"
"Jenny was twenty-four, and she was dying."
"Oliver, although you are still only twenty-four, you are one of our top men."
"The taxi-driver thought Jenny was expecting a baby."
"It was only eight o'clock in the morning, but several important-looking people were waiting to see Oliver Barrett the Third."
"I looked at the things on his desk: the scissors, the pen-holder, the letter-opener, the photos of my mother and me."
"'I don't want you at my damn death-bed.'"
"Who cares? The E.R. and the ICU are half-empty and the place is crawling with suits."
"We could be here all year. You had shrimp? Uh-huh."
"And crab? Lobster? Uh-huh.  And..."
"It's a win-win. We get to do it again,"
"If I'm right, the antidote is fast-acting. If we can get him to keep his clothes on long enough,"
"You have this 900-year-old fortress all to yourself."
"Just staying home, chill-laxin'."
"I don't think you're fine. I think you might be throwing away a drug-free year."
"That was very anti-secret bath."
"but you were never board-certified. You've worked here two days."
"Is that your passive-aggressive way of asking me if I'm seeing somebody else?"
"25-year-old man with numbness and tingling in his legs"
"I'd be worried if he was here. '25-year-old'--"
"is find him a new puzzle to solve. Thus bringing us back to my 25-year-old--"
"It's my go-to idea."
"They've already scrubbed. He'd have to be re-sterilized."
"Unless you can transport this t-toilet with me, I'm not leaving the room."
"It's lunch-time."
"It's lunch-time, dear."
"It's lunch-time, Sylvia."
"On Wednesday I go roller-skating."
"On Tuesday! When do you go roller-skating?"
"It's dinner-time, Sylvia! - Yes, Mummy."
"There's one in the sitting-room"
"Now it's lunch-time."
"to the Mind Manipulation-omatic,"
"Once cured of their antisocial veg-ravaging behavior,"
"the rabbits can be safely released without fear of re-offending."
"Nighty-night, me lovelies."
"Twenty-four karat."
"Perfect re-entry, Gromit."
"So how's our rabbit-monster?"
"this is the ultimate vegetable-destroying machine."
"are being saturated in my veg-free mind waves."
"any nearer to finding a rabbit-mon...ster?"
"They must've over-stimulated Hutch's primitive bunny nature."
"We wide-band it."
"OK, so we've created a veg-ravaging rabbit-monster."
"Me mind's just a rabbit-y mush."
"Caught red-handed, eh, lad?"
"the Mind Manipulation-omatic."
"Tell me, are you a vegetable-lover yourself?"
"A pest-free night per... chance?"
"But you really needn't bother. It's no bother, little boo-boo."
"- Ta-ra, then. - Wait! Wallace."
"I don't understand.  It should have been a bull's-eye."
"You can say goodbye to your fluffy lover-boy."
"What?  How on earth would those tiny-minded buffoons"
"I've spent a long time reeling in that fluffy-headed bunny-lover."
"And I'm not about to let some puddle-headed peasant poach her from me."
"- Comprenez? - Right-o."
"I'll be off then. Ta-ta."
"Don't tell me you're a scaredy-cat as well as a scoundrel."
"How could any hot-blooded rabbit-beast resist?"
"let's do it in an orderly and law-abiding fashion."
"We built Heaven completely out of straight-world junk..."
"Good morning. This is your wake-up call."
"And made post-human!"
"Preacher? That motherfucker's got God and technology ass-backward."
"Infra-sound scan. Right through the hull."
"Jones has to triangulate infra-sound into your implant."
"Everybody, clear out of the infra-sound zone!"
"Very good. Pick-up is in central Beijing tomorrow night, 10:00."
"NAS, the so-called black shakes..."
"There's been a screw-up!"
"neural-net installation in Zurich prior to onset of morbidity."
"Imprinted? Her neural-net persona has Swiss citizenship..."
"It looks like a full-service shop here."
"I have to get on-line.  Must be somebody I can talk to square this."
"I told them to wait, Takahashi-san."
"Implant. Wet-wired."
"I had to dump a chunk of long-term memory."
"That's a seriously weird-ass thing to do."
"I want to get on-line. I need a computer!"
"Sogo-7 data-gloves, a GPL stealth module..."
"Welcome to BRT on-line."
"Making a long-distance phone call. Beijing. A hotel."
"Lethal neuro-feedback now in effect."
"- On-line translation. - Translator selected."
"Shit. It's just an all-night copy shop..."
"cease-and-desist letters for "unfair competition"
"We'll do some side-by-side comparisons here. All right, this first song you're going to hear"
"That's multi-touch, controlling a device by touching its display."
"Here is Steve Jobs introducing multi-touch"
"called multi-touch."
"You can do multi-fingered gestures on it,"
" Yes. And yet, here is multi-touch in action."
"This is Jeff Han, and, I mean, that's multi-touch."
"newfangled technology.  Multi-touch sensing isn't anything --"
" So he's pretty frank about it not being new. So it's not multi-touch as a whole that's patented."
"Here is the first ever slide-to-unlock."
"What if they had patented pop-up menus,"
"We are not self-made. We are dependent on one another,"
"When all the broken-hearted people"
"Mas antes, deixem-me dizer que podem ler esta historia no livro intitulado “Contos Populares Portuguesas” de Adolfo Coelho."
"Chama-se “Os dois irmaos”"
""Nao, que nos podem apanhar e castigar-nos.""
"Bateu a porta e tornou a bater e como lha nao viessem abrir, resolveu-se a saltar o muro para ir comer laranjas."
"Passaram-se muitas horas e ele, vendo que nao conseguia sair, foi passear pela quinta e entao depararam-se-Ihe vistosos jardins, lindos pomares e verdes hortas."
"Ele desfez-se em desculpas e contou-lhe o que lhe tinha sucedido;"
"ela entao respondeu-lhe que nao tinha nada a desculpar, antes estimava muito ve-lo e que, se ele quisesse, podia ficar naquele palacio."
"Como se decidisse a ficar, ela levou-o a uma varanda e mostrou-lhe os jardins, hortas e pomares, e, como ele se mostrasse maravilhado de tudo quanto via, perguntou-lhe ela o que de tudo quanto tinha visto desde que entrara no palacio lhe tinha mais agradad (...)"
"Estavam pois a menina e o rapaz para cear e a criada, fingindo que ia espevitar a luz, apagou-a;"
"entao a menina levantou-se e disse: "Cada qual se agarre a coisa de que mais gostar.""
"E o soldado agarrou-se ao prato das couves."
"A menina, despeitada, disse-lhe: "Visto que gostais tanto de couves, e bem que eu vos mostre as que ainda nao viste.""
"E nisto conduziu-o a uma varanda que deitava para um curral de porcos e deitou-o para la."
"O irmao mais velho do rapaz, quando deu pela falta dele, fugiu tambem; seguiu os mesmos caminhos que o irmao seguira e sucederam-lhe as mesmas aventuras;"
"quando, porem, a menina do palacio lhe disse que se agarrasse aquilo de que mais gostasse, ele agarrou-se a ela e disse-lhe que de tudo o que vira no palacio e na quinta era ela que mais lhe agradara."
"Entao a menina respondeu-lhe que estava encantada naquele palacio ate que la fosse ter um homem que gostasse mais dela do que das riquezas que a cercavam;"
"Esta, quando la o viu, disse-lhe: "Enganaste-te, que nao era este o quarto que te estava destinado, mas fica, pois vais em breve ser meu esposo.""
"Depois contou-lhe o que sucedera com o outro soldado e ele logo de madrugada pediu para o ir ver e, ao reconhecer o seu irmao, pediu a princesa que lhe desse a liberdade, o que ela fez, dando-lhe muitas riquezas e mandando-o que seguisse o seu caminho."
"Depois de se abracarem, separaram-se."
"Como se aproximasse o dia do torneio, a princesa foi procurar o soldado e responderam-lhe que estava a dormir."
"A princesa, para nao o acordar, voltou no dia seguinte e deram-lhe a mesma resposta."
"Ela entao foi ter ao quarto onde ele estava e escreve-lhe no punho da camisa: "Tal dia e o torneio.""
"Ele, quando acordou, reparou no que estava escrito no punho da camisa, recordou-se do ajuste e levantou-se da mesa sem atender as donas da casa, que lhe pediam que antes de partir bebesse uma gota de agua."
"Elas queriam era po-lo a dormir."
"O soldado foi sentar-se perto da princesa, e mostrou-lhe a manga da camisa e entao ela, levantando-se, disse, indicando o soldado:"
"In Monsieur Defarge's wine-shop in Saint Antoine customers came and went all the time."
"The three men who had left the wine-shop were waiting."
"The next day a stranger came into the wine-shop."
"As soon as they saw this, the customers stopped talking and, one by one, without hurrying, left the wine-shop."
"It began one summer day in the streets of Saint Antoine, around Defarge's wine-shop, with a great crowd of people."
"But before they left, they searched the room and the furniture very carefully, looking for small hiding-places."
"The road-mender, who had brought the news of Gaspard to Paris, still worked repairing the roads."
"He shook the road-mender's hand, and turned to look at the Marquis's castle on the hill."
"Ripeta: a-me-ri-ca-na ... i-ta-lia-na ... giap-po-ne-se."
"[^Mario:] Un-una."
"[^Franco:] Ripeta: un-una. Un orologio - una macchina."
"And Tellson's Bank, which the French emigrants used, had become a meeting-place where they could hear and talk about the latest news from France."
"And at the centre of that warm family circle was always Lucie - a loving daughter, wife, mother, and a kind-hearted friend."
"'My name is Defarge and I have a wine-shop in Saint Antoine.'"
"Can I have an ice-cream, please?"
"It is a famous city, because the world-famous inventor Henry Ford was also born there, and started ' Ford Motor Company ', where my parents both worked."
"When I walked into that reading-room, I was a happy, healthy young man."
"Near you, you see a half-dressed murderer."
"But he looks so good, so well-behaved."
"The lock-keeper ran out because he thought someone had fallen in the water."
"And for thirty-five minutes nobody on the boat spoke."
"There was no tin-opener."
"The dining-room was dark and silent."
"One of them was a policeman, one was a man who was taking vegetables to the market, and one was a taxi-driver."
"So we went to ask the lock-keeper for some."
"'But where is it?' 'It's where it always is, my boy,' the lock-keeper"
"Then we looked for the tin-opener."
"There was no tin-opener!"
"They were also quite serious, because they were watching their fishing-lines very carefully."
"She, Tildy, could have a love-life, too."
"We worked very hard for twenty-five minutes."
"'Thirty-two,' Harris replied, sleepily."
"But it's important to note that Martin isn't Claire's boss, he's just a co-worker or a colleague."
"Dr Manette told the Tribunal that he had been a prisoner in the Bastille for eighteen years, and that his son-in-law was now a prisoner in La Force."
"She lived every moment in great fear, but her father was sure that he could save his son-in-law."
"The daughter of Dr Manette, a prisoner of the Bastille and a well-known friend of all good citizens!"
"'Will you tell me who has accused my son-in-law?'"
"Started out with my then four-year-old:"
"It's totally appropriate for a four-year-old."
"Lego-provided CAD program isn't enough,"
"there's an entire open-source, third-party,"
"thousands of home-based businesses."
"Ta-da. "
"You know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before"
"Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian,"
"it's that-that... that's not"
"See? Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?"
"Not-not in a good way."
"She's like this high-powered, driven career type."
"Oh, no, no no no no no, you see what he's doing?   He knows no-one's gonna say all  those names,"
"Well, I was just wondering about the  mother-to-be, but... thanks for sharing."
"He was a good-looking man."
"His huge body was strong and well-made."
"He was a fair-haired man of about thirty."
"Then I was on the station, half-asleep, waiting for the early morning train to West Egg."
"- That's your big secret? - Uh-huh."
"you would go to jail. I don't suppose they'd let us be cell-mates."
"some type of real-time screen monitor to hack into his account."
"Double-dip recession, man. It happens."
"What are you, ex-military?"
"Ah, the tall, well-dressed guy."
"Afraid not, but he's about ready to have a run-in with the NYPD."
"He took out a three-man ISA unit... by himself."
""John"? You're on a first-name basis?"
"He's got a fancy car with an anti-theft tracker, which I took the liberty of activating."
"You think this Mr. Tao is gonna help you with the whereabouts of our four-eyed friend?"
"the life-threatening kind. I can't believe it."
"I'll get you to the airport, spend a little of your ill-gotten gains"
"and buy you a one-way ticket out of town."
"He's supposed to be tall, and, uh, well-dressed. I'm a cop."
"Lights up. Voice-activated."
"About half-way between West Egg and New York, the railroad crosses a dirty, narrow river."
"When I came back, the living-room was empty."
"Ta-da! That, they got?"
"I happen to be a remorseless assassin. Diego-poo!"
"Half-pint, you got your end covered, right?"
"Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of cool with me, Captain."
"Sid, can you hear me? Bye-bye."
"Not if you're half-possum!"
"Wow, you're even better-looking up close."
"you're not such a screw-up. - Really? - Really."
"Louis the hero. Brave-a-licious."
"But, no, we're not really friends-friends."
"Never again. Ta-da!"
"We are, we are Not your ordinary fam-a, ma-lee"
"We are, we are Not your ordinary fam-a, ma-lee"
"calling in connection to a missing-child case."
"Yeah. 1991, 14-year-old Hanna Frey"
"a great deal on any sort of male-enhancement pill,"
"A top-secret DOD memo authorizing"
"Well, well, it seems I underestimated your knuckle-dragging friend."
"Where does a 16-year-old runaway get all that money?"
"Right back here. There was a co-signatory on the account."
"to her. I told her she was a nasty, attention-seeking brat,"
"for selling designer drugs. What does a small-time drug dealer in New York"
"A target-rich environment. Lots of people."
"This big oaf never realized he was hired to baby-sit you."
"and she's smart enough to keep her phone's wi-fi and bluetooth turned off."
"not to mention whatever's coming out of that port-a-potty in the backyard."
"But, you know, what do you care? I mean you spend all day in a nice air-conditioned office"
"The one-act I gave you guys to read a week ago. - Yeah, what'd you think of it?"
"The power-mad principal gets torn apart by wolves?"
"And don't get me started about the open-toe shoe ban."
"- With these high-level negotiations, do you?  - Uh, only every day."
"you know how it was gonna take like months and months to get that six-burner stove?"
"The appliance guy called today and said they had a four-burner with a griddle in stock,"
"Bye-bye Marco."
"Ha-ha. l'll take that vicious little brute and drop him in the jungle."
"And-and Lambert there, just look at the little guy,"
" Uh-uh. You're right."
"Many highly-qualified candidates tried to get this far and failed."
"Scientific term for it is "near-ultraviolet"."
"Let me guess, "near-infrared"?"
"Perhaps they company's Japanese-owned and this is an origami exam."
"Nice give-and-go, Ro!"
"Here come the teams! Fast-flying fairies, soar!"
"The dust-keeper fairies!"
"Dust-keeper pride! Hey, Terence, nice legs!"
"The fast-flying fairies bite the pixie dust!"
"The dust-keepers are out, too!"
"- Is this the ultimate mind-fuck or what?"
"A confusing, time-critical situation"
"- Vous-meme. - Yourself."
"possessing a healthy mixture of skill-sets."
"their little start-up had struck the motherlode."
"Fifty-fifty. To each his own."
"- Then we'd need to cooperate... - Time-out for some testing."
"The CEO is hands-on."
"He micro-manages anything of importance to his company."
"manufacturing state-of-the-art technology in a core service industry". All right?"
"Like ultraviolet, infra-red, X-rays."
"At twelve o'clock at night the princess goes to the bathing-house:"
"Rig-a-jig-jig and away we go,  Away we go, away we go!"
"Rig-a-jig-jig and away we go,"
"Rig-a-jig-jig and away we go,  Away we go, away we go!"
"Rig-a-jig-jig and away we go, "
"Ice-cream."
"A big ice-cream, please."
"I love ice-cream."
"Look, ice-cream."
"Have a big ice-cream, dad."
"Ten forty-five. Quarter to eleven."
"Hello! Hello! Good-bye!"
"Televisions, radios, videos, hi-fi's, a little money sometimes."
"It had seemed red-hot,"
"Maybe he didn't like Freddy but he was his brother-in-law."
"Freddy was his brother-in-law"
"[^Mary:] The air-fare is quite expensive, I admit,"
"Suddenly it swerved violently, skidded on the wet road, hit a lamp-post and turned over."
"And there isn't much cooking-fat in the jar, so bring a pound of lard."
"Oh, and you can pick up my coat at the dry-cleaner's while you're passing."
"We're having a meeting at ten o'clock about the tennis-club dance in August."
"This is Berk, boasting the kind of balmy, fun-in-the-sun climate"
"for a Frisbee-sized wormhole"
"You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms"
"It's a Frisbee-sized wormhole, Leonard."
"with optional follow-ups at 1:45 and 7:10 on high-fiber Fridays."
"to the genetics lab to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny."
"What if it's booby-trapped?"
"Forty-three. What the hell does that mean?"
"It took them twenty-four days to get to 80 degrees South."
"Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way."
"We can figure this out. Forty-three."
"43 is the number of calories in half a cup of fat-free yogurt."
"That's 42, dumb-ass."
"I will return on your wedding-night, Victor Frankenstein."
"On our wedding-day, the sun was shining."
"The woman was about twenty-five years old."
"Next to it, there was a jockey in brightly-coloured riding clothes."
"I didn't know anything about horse-racing."
"But Hollywood Park Racetrack is a very well-known racetrack."
"It was tied in a pony-tail."
"Then Herman saw the dark-haired woman sitting by the desk."
"The bushes were half-way between the house and my car."
"Forty-five minutes later, I was driving past the Santa Rosita Racetrack."
"The words SANTA ROSITA RACETRACK were written on that car-park ticket."
"The paper was a car-park ticket for the Santa Rosita Racetrack."
"There were high, dark-blue mountains behind it."
"'People bet millions of dollars on horse-races."
"There was a car-park ticket on the front window of the 4 by 4."
"There were no stalls on the right-hand wall."
"But there was a big cupboard on the wall, half-way along it."
"He's also good-looking, and he has a gorgeous body."
"Mr Gianini is tall and good-looking, and he's very smart."
"He had long red hair, tied in a pony-tail."
"The dark-haired man had a mobile phone and he was making lots of phone calls."
"The car-park was full of cars."
"I paid for my car-park ticket."
"I remembered the dark-haired man and the mobile phone."
"Jockeys in brightly-coloured clothes were talking to trainers."
"It was coming from the right-hand wall."
"It was the tall, dark-haired man."
"Then the dark-haired man appeared again."
"The dark-haired man was in the car."
"One was the dark-haired man."
"Golden Dragon and Margarita were side-by-side."
"The horse jumped at the red-haired man and hit him very hard."
"He's always been so conscientious and hard-working,"
"You can make more money from sport than from an old-fashioned profession these days."
"and we've been working non-stop ever since."
"I'm just writing to let you know our new address and to invite you to our house-warming party next Saturday."
"But in any case I'd rather be sea-sick than dead."
"'Wolfsheim's well-known on Broadway,' Gatsby told me."
"[^Bob] I'm in a telephone box, outside a post-office, at a crossroads about a mile from the end of the motorway."
"Gatz had become a good-looking young man, popular with women."
"of overcoming such evils as inflation, food shortages, fuel crises and a possible world-wide slump."
"How old are you?  I'm twenty-two years old."
"Good-bye, Mr. Stark. Good-bye, Mrs. Peabody..."
"And I have one for you! Good-bye."
"Twenty-one, I win. Come with me."
"Professor Bumble is not only absentminded but short-sighted as well."
"When the jazz tune ended, every girl kissed the nearest man and fell into his arms, half-drunk."
"He was a tough-looking young man, but he had beautiful clothes and beautiful manners."
"A fat, middle-aged man was leaning against the table."
"Jordan and I sat down at a table with a well-dressed man of my own age."
"On Gatsby's desk was a photograph of a tough-looking old man."
"I took Daisy's hand and led her into the living-room."
"We were all hot and bad-tempered by now."
"'I don't like being called old sport,' said Tom, in a bad-tempered way."
"We had lunch in the darkened dining-room and drank a lot of cold beer."
"He was good-looking"
"Suddenly, a line of spider-webbing shot from his hand across the room."
"Peter ran out of the lunch-room but Flash followed him."
"Later that day Peter was in the lunch-room at school."
"'Now,' he thought, 'I'm going to try this spider-webbing.'"
"The man looked at Peter's costume - red and blue with spider-webs."
"Manteles de petit-point, centros de flores secas. Sientense."
"Die Mutter sagt: "Man muss gut fruh-stucken."
""Er sagt, dass du die schonste und intelli-genteste Frau auf diesem Planeten bist.""
""Wir mochten eine Internet-Firma auf-machen.""
"Bob! Kann ich eine Rose haben-bitte?"
"Die grune nach ihr Und die schwarz-wei? auch."
"I've had another e-mail from Jo-C-rox!"
"Now stop reading your e-mail messages."
"Her life was filled with ordinary teenage things-things like homework and friends."
"He is very good-looking."
"'Well, I'm going to see a movie-the Rocky Horror Picture Show - with some friends from the Computer Club,' he said."
"A family - a mom and a dad, and a boy with long blond hair-was in the dining room."
"Jo-C-rox has sent me another e-mail."
"'That was very-foolish."
"?Hughie Erskine was a good-looking man."
"Hughie Erskine was the best-looking gentleman in London."
"Good-bye."
"[^George] No, they're in the waiting-room."
"I'm going to the waiting-room."
"He repainted the blood-stain every night."
"And every morning, Washington Otis removed the blood-stain with Pinkerton's Stain Remover."
"The waiting-room"
"[^Mary] Good-bye. And thank you."
"Good-bye."
"He had long grey hair and wore very old-fashioned clothes."
"So, sometimes he painted the blood-stain green, sometimes blue."
"He planned to touch them with his ice-cold hands in the dark."
"He was good-looking and had fair hair."
"Washington Otis removed the blood-stain in the library every day."
"The Otises laughed at the blood-stain."
"They laughed at the green blood-stain on the library floor."
"The blood-stain made her feel sad and she almost cried when she saw the bright green stain."
"'I don't want a blood-stain in my library,' said Mrs Otis."
"The blood-stain has been here for over three hundred years."
"He did not repaint the blood-stain in the library."
"There had been a blood-stain on the library floor for three hundred years."
"He rubbed the stick on the blood-stain."
"No one had removed the blood-stain for three hundred years."
"'The blood-stain has gone.'"
"'You must not remove the blood-stain."
"It is good for stomach-aches and headaches."
"The blood-stain had reappeared on the floor."
"'I'll remove this blood-stain once more,' said Washington Otis."
"'Mother doesn't want a blood-stain in the library."
"He removed the blood-stain with Pinkerton's Stain Remover."
"The ghost is making the blood-stain."
"You used my paints to make the blood-stain in the library."
"Let's play hide-and-seek."
"[^Kate:] Let's play hide-and-seek!"
"'Oh, you mean that he's an ordinary fortune-teller,' said Lord Arthur Savile."
"'No, no,' said Lady Windermere quickly, 'he is not a fortune-teller."
"Two women with thick make-up on their faces laughed at him."
"'Then, you do not believe in fortune-telling,' said Lord Arthur."
"She says, 'Let's play hide-and-seek!' and hides Betty."
"You can play hide-and-seek."
"She can play hide-and-seek."
"Let's play hide-and-seek!'"
"Let's go to the woods and play hide-and-seek!"
"Let's play hide-and-seek."
"'This order came in twenty-one minutes ago,'"
"On the back of his t-shirt it said, '29 minutes or it's free!'"
"'Could you sign here, please?' said a good-looking young man."
"MJ was finishing her make-up in the dressing room at the theatre."
"Do you remember that heat-wave we had in July?"
"It gets dark soon after tea-time now."
"saying ay-oh, creeper's KO'd"
"saying ay-oh, not today no"
"saying ay-oh, creeper's KO'd"
"saying' ay-oh, MLG pro"
"saying ay-oh, creeper's KO'd"
"sayin' ay-oh, MLG pro"
"[^Jane:] That's OK for you well-off people, but I couldn't possibly afford it."
"I'll have been working for this company non-stop for forty years by the end of October,"
"and soon half of this much-needed stretch of tarmac will be open to traffic."
"the mass migration of holiday-makers who flock to the south every July and August in search of a fortnight's peace at the seaside, has strained the old road system beyond its limits."
"work has been in progress on the new motorway connecting the heavily-populated industrial Midlands"
"[^Janet:] I've just come across an old photograph-album of my mother's in this drawer."
"but how can you take a pride in what you're doing when every two or three years they put a new manager with new-fangled ideas in charge of the factory -"
"If we miss the kick-off it won't really be a tragedy, will it?"
"[^Ted:] We'll miss the kick-off unless you hurry."
"[^Patrick:] It's a lump of rock about 100 miles north-west of Ireland."
"[^Bill:] If they strike their usual form, they'll lose five-nil against this team."
"You noticed that the new people have arrived at number thirty-five though, surely."
"Let's hitch-hike across Europe and find some lovely lonely island in the farthest corner of the Mediterranean."
"I've a good mind to give up everything, become a drop-out and join a hippie group somewhere."
" I'm twenty-five."
" About a hundred and seventy-five centimetres."
" He's twenty-three."
"So about twelve-thirty?"
" That'll be seventeen-fifty thanks love."
"It's our best-selling wine."
"You know  when someone's trying…  I know what a pick-up line is."
"“Do you come here often”, it's what we call a pick-up line."
"I gave it to him as a going-away present.  What's it like?  It's made of tortoise-shell."
"That's N-a-t-a-s-h-a."
"C-a-r-o-l-i-n-e."
"She was a tall slim woman, fair-haired, with large brown eyes and a kind smile."
"He was dark-haired with a funny round face and a kind smile."
"[^Kate:] As you know, Tom, I'm a cinema-goer."
"I think it's black-and-white."
"Good-bye."
"Ask for extension thirty-five."
"Ah, it's four-two-six-eight"
"Good-bye madam."
"Good-bye."
"Good-bye."
"but no-one can hear you down here."
"but I don't like motor-bikes."
"and he is waiting for the eight-thirty train."
"Bye-bye love. Good-bye!"
"Twenty-fourth Lesson."
"Twenty-third Lesson."
"Twenty-second Lesson."
"- Good-bye sir. - Oh! good-bye."
"This is a non-smoking compartment."
"Twenty-sixth Lesson."
"David is talking to a tall, good-looking woman."
"Twenty-fifth Lesson."
"David usually arrives home about half-past six,"
"She only works part-time,"
"Twenty-ninth Lesson."
"You're wrong, today is the twenty-fifth and not the twenty-sixth."
"Twenty-seventh Lesson."
"- Thanks. Bye Joan. - Good-bye Pete."
"- About half-past eight."
"Thirty-third Lesson."
"but he only works part-time."
"His wife works full-time,"
"Thirty-second Lesson."
"- Okay, I'll go and buy some wine at the off-licence."
"Thirty-first Lesson."
"I'll see you tonight, love, good-bye."
"They go into the dining-room."
"Come into the sitting-room and sit down."
"Thirty-sixth Lesson"
"Thirty-seventh Lesson"
"Thirty-ninth Lesson"
"Yes, but I'm short-sighted."
"Thirty-eighth Lesson At the Pub"
"His son's record-player is much too noisy."
"Two mothers-in-law."
"Thirty-fourth Lesson"
"Forty-first Lesson"
"Forty-fourth Lesson"
"Forty-third Lesson"
"Forty-seventh Lesson"
"Where will David meet his mother-in-law?"
"Who is arriving next week-end?"
"Where does David want to go next week-end?"
"Forty-sixth Lesson"
"Forty-eighth Lesson"
"Fifty-second Lesson"
"Fifty-first Lesson"
"The ten best years of a woman's life are those between twenty-nine and thirty."
"Oh, at least thirty-two."
"Fifty-fourth Lesson"
"Fifty-third Lesson"
"Fifty-eighth Lesson"
"Fifty-seventh Lesson"
"Fifty-fifth Lesson"
"Sixty-first Lesson"
"Take a number thirty-seven bus and get off at Charing Cross."
"He gets up at half-past seven every morning."
"Fifty-ninth Lesson"
"Sixty-fourth Lesson"
"Sixty-second Lesson"
"Sixty-sixth Lesson"
"Most buses are double-deckers"
"But, unlike the Metro, it is rather old-fashioned and quite expensive."
"Sixty-fifth Lesson"
"Another popular sport is horse-racing, which is forbidden in England on Sundays."
"Sixty-eighth Lesson"
"Sixty-ninth Lesson"
"Seventy-third Lesson"
"Seventy-second Lesson"
""Stiles, the Chelsea centre-forward, is ill and won't be able to play against Spurs.""
"Seventy-first Lesson"
"Seventy-fifth Lesson"
"Take care of yourself. Good-bye."
"Good-bye. I will."
"Seventy-fourth Lesson"
"Seventy-ninth Lesson"
"Seventy-eighth Lesson"
"Eighty-second Lesson"
"Eighty-first Lesson"
"She put in cold meat, hard-boiled eggs, some cold sausages and a lettuce."
"On Sundays, David has a lie-in"
"Eighty-fifth Lesson"
"Eighty-third Lesson"
"After lunch, which consisted of roast beef, potatoes and Brussels sprouts and fruit, they both did the washing-up."
"Eighty-sixth Lesson"
"Eighty-eighth Lesson"
"Eighty-seventh Lesson"
"Ninety-second Lesson"
"Eighty-ninth Lesson"
"There's no more news, so I'll say good-bye."
"Sixty-seventh Lesson"
"Ninety-fourth Lesson"
"Imagine being a pop-star."
"This is a non-smoking compartment."
"Ninety-third Lesson"
"Ninety-seventh Lesson."
"Do you remember, in Lesson fifty-seven, John had to see the doctor?"
"Ninety-sixth Lesson. Health"
"?Ninety-fifth Lesson"
"- Not at all. Good-bye."
"- Because, if there is an emergency and you need the police or an ambulance or the fire-brigade,"
"- The ninety-ninth lesson reminds me of the police. - Why?"
"Ninety-ninth Lesson."
"you simply dial nine-nine-nine."
"Only those who do crossword puzzles or play "what-games" know the thousands unusual words in a language."
"An ex-President, re-visiting the White House:"
"If coal-miners or railwaymen go on strike, the results can be very serious for the country."
"It's the chicken-and-egg situation -"
"- Uh-huh. - That's right. Her family's there."
"P.S. You have to sleep on the hide-a-bed with Fuller."
"Buzz told you, cheek-face. Toilet paper and water."
"Excuse me, puke-breath. I'm a lot smaller than you."
"- Buzz? - Don't you know how to knock, phlegm-wad?"
"We've got all these extra kids running around. My brother-in-law drove in from Ohio today."
"Does it have four-wheel drive?"
"Our third tip is to tell the interviewer why you think your work-related skills and accomplishments would be an asset to the company."
"Our second tip is to focus on work-related skills and accomplishments, not personal information."
"You want to tell the interviewer why you think your work-related skills and accomplishments would be a positive thing for the company."
"I am a very focused person and I tend to be product-oriented."
"In school, I excelled in my computer-related classes"
"That's why I applied for and completed a one-year internship with Lotadoe Industries."
"What she means by 'product-oriented' is that she is concerned about the results that she gets"
"So, she not only says that she is 'focused' and 'product-oriented,'"
"You could also say, 'I am result-oriented'"
"- she wants to make sure that she gets the job done, she's 'product-oriented.'"
"She also says that she's 'product-oriented.'"
"She's still talking about her one-year internship at Lotadoe Industries."
"Many times, in American colleges, people work while they're in college, often during the summertime but sometimes part-time during their last two years or one of their last two years in an internship."
"She says, 'That's why I applied for and completed a one-year internship at Lotadoe Industries.'"
"She says in her sample answer, 'In school, I excelled in my computer-related classes.'"
"When you get your bachelor's degree from a four-year university, you have a specialization - something that you are studying."
"I want to work for your company in particular because you work primarily with Internet-based companies,"
"and I can develop good long-term relationships with clients."
"He says that this company works with "Internet-based companies,""
"It focuses on work-related skills and accomplishments."
"Still family-owned."
"[^BRIAN:] Oh, about seventy or eighty people - full-time staff, that is."
"And we've got a work-force of over 1,000."
"Seventy-sixth Lesson"
"These large, black, diesel-engined vehicles are a familiar sight in the Capital."
"I think we'll go to Brighton next week-end."
"Forty-fifth Lesson"
"We'll see you tomorrow night at half-past seven."
"It's now twenty-five past eight."
"He is thin and dark-haired."
"She is a tall woman, slim and fair-haired, very-clever and nice."
"and it probably cost less than ours second-hand;"
"but recently the elements have caused the worst hold-ups."
"The new road will have freed them for ever from the constant, deafening roar of high-powered engines, and from the air pollution caused by dense exhaust fumes."
"Fly, little fly! Bye-bye!"
"Bye-bye, Andy! Bye-bye, Sandy! Bye-bye, Willy!"
"You want to use the right words in your answer to this question so that you don't sound too self-serving."
"I've got a motor-bike but I haven't got a car."
"There is nobody [^(or no-one)] in the garden."
"[^B:] No-one."
"- Who did you speak to? - No-one."
"There is no-one in it. [^(= There isn't anyone in it.)]"
"'Who did you meet?' 'No-one.' [^(or Nobody.)]"
"His friend had very good apple-trees."
"One day his friend gave the farmer a young apple-tree and told him he could take it home and plant it."
"I want a 10000-dollars-a-night hooker!"
"When her father-in-law heard it, he asked why she was crying."
"Jack's father told his daughter-in-law that there was an old man in the box and not a young woman."
"tea from four to five, and dinner from six to half-past nine.""
""we serve breakfast from seven to half-past eleven in the morning,"
"Mr and Mrs Williams had always spent their summer holidays in England in the past, in a small boarding-house at the seaside."
"He now found that he was in the middle of a group of American ladies, some of them middle-aged and some quite old."
"She loved driving very fast, and boasted of the fact that she had never, in her thirty-five years of driving, been punished for a driving offence."
"Who is that man on the motor-bike?"
"My cousins were all tall, well-built and good-humoured, with the exception of Rashleigh."
"For twenty-four years I have served the Osbaldistones.""
"He is a good-hearted man," replied the Bailie."
"We ended the meal with some brandy-punch."
"We travelled all day, going north-east from Glasgow -"
"There was a wiliuw-branch across the half-opened door, blocking our entrance."
"I saw the Bailie hanging in mid-air from the branch of a thorn tree."
"Guns flashed from various parts of the pass and three red-coats were killed."
"Rob Roy was on a horse tied with a horse-belt to a very big, strong Scotsman called Ewan."
"and told me that the long-awaited rebellion of the Highlanders in favour of the Old Pretender, King James, was beginning."
"and finally my uncle's ancient major-domo, appeared."
"It is three miles long and three-quarters of a mile wide."
""It's made of metal-gold."
"The number 8 appears forty-one times in this message."
"How? Then I remembered the car-park ticket on the window of the red 4 by 4."
"it'll all be over and we'll eat a lot of ice cream.   Okay. Okay. It's a little pear-shaped diamond..."
"'It's where it always is, my boy,' the lock-keeper answered."
"Sarah does a lot. She works full-time and she has three young children."
"So we went to ask the lock-keeper for some."
"tea from four to five, and dinner from six to half-past nine.""
""we serve breakfast from seven to half-past eleven in the morning,"
"Mr and Mrs Williams had always spent their summer holidays in England in the past, in a small boarding-house at the seaside."
"Linda has never worn make-up. She doesn't like it."
"[^A:] Do you think Katherine will enjoy her scuba-diving holiday next month? [^B:] Yes. She's quite adventurous."
"John is very talented and hard-working. I'm sure he will be very successful in a few years."
"I want to go scuba-diving as soon as I've finished the training."
"Our office gets very hot. I wish we had air-conditioning."
"It's a waste of money travelling first-class on the train."
"The government announced a five-year plan to help the unemployed get back to work."
"When I got off the train there was no-one at the station to meet me."
"We were lost in the mountains and saw no-one for hours."
"Harry is neither reliable nor hard-working."
"The only desserts on the menu were strawberry ice-cream or chocolate cake, and John didn't want either of them."
"[^B:] Oh, I'm very well thanks. My stomach-ache has gone completely."
"This sofa is a little old-fashioned for us."
"In spite of having four children, Amanda works full-time."
"He gets car-sick if he sits in the back."
"Susan has had no contact with her ex-husband since their divorce five years ago."
"My eight-year-old son did a drawing of our house yesterday."
"We put our suitcases in the car and left for Spain on a two-week holiday."
"They took his television and hi-fi system."
"No-one doubted that Julie was telling the truth."
"Luckily, no-one was injured."
"He ate too much pasta and ice-cream every day."
"Our workforce is made up of very experienced and well-qualified personnel."
"Luke couldn't understand how to use his new hi-fi system, even though he'd read the instructions twice."
"[^A:] Sarah doesn't have a very well-paid job."
"Sarah is the most hard-working person I've ever met."
"After a fantastic two-week holiday in the sun we were all feeling much better."
"A man who is twenty years old is a twenty-year-old man."
"[^The book became a best-seller.] The book written by a friend of mine became a best-seller."
"[^A man waved at me. He was my brother-in-law.] The man who waved at me that waved at me was my brother-in-law."
"There's a pen-knife in my pocket."
"Learning sign language or being able to lip-read are two ways the deaf can learn to communicate effectively."
"There's no-one in the room. [^/ in the building/ in the garden.]"
"A holiday that lasts two weeks is a two-week holiday."
"Really? Well, I can't tell the back from the front with these high-neck pullovers."
"The diving-board will be installed tomorrow."
"these immense twenty-to-thirty storey buildings,"
"Blocks of "high-rise" flats have been erected in large numbers in London"
"Have they finished work on your new swimming-pool yet, Charles?"
"Bob! Kann ich eine Rose haben-bitte?"
"at the parent-teacher meeting next month."
"We were very pleased that Jamie took to boarding-school life so well in his first year,"
"At first, the ultramodern apartments were much sought after by city-dwellers,"
"because take-off had been delayed for an hour."
"We were told we were not to be late for check-in at the airport"
"but it must now be one of the world's fastest-growing sports,"
"to a private boarding-school instead of the local school."
"I hear that the new people at number thirty-five send their boy"
"and feeds him daily on well-cooked meat and tinned vegetables."
"well-cooked meat and tinned vegetables"
"The gaily-illuminated shops were packed with good things"
"A well-known British architect,"
"They are going to be replaced by so-called "low-rise" blocks,"
"plans for new high-rise blocks are being scrapped."
"You've got to learn to stand up to these high-pressure salesmen."
"to install the dish-washing machine we purchased from your company recently."
"Of course, some people say that a boarding-school education is good for children"
"Well, she's so ill-mannered."
"Ex-teacher, Beckenham"
"but I personally feel that caning should be re-introduced"
"and then Clive, Tim and I went to a night-club."
"Die grune nach ihr Und die schwarz-wei? auch."
"You can't send a boy to a good-class school in patched-up trousers."
"Anyway you've got a sewing-machine and a pair of scissors."
"Yes, but his car was a specially-built model that can't be replaced,"
"No-oh... Why?"
"Fuck-off."
"But you only asked him only one-fifty!"
"Catch people off-guard."
"Well, I say, Fuck-off yourself then!"
"I know. And I only asked you to fuck-off."
"You know, it's not easy being a 16-year-old."
"All right, all right. How about a cat-food can? I could use the roughage."
"Hey, there's no need for name-calling."
"...on some desolate, crater-filled asteroid..."
"that there ought to be a return to more "old-fashioned" methods."
